README.md, before:

## Discord Connections

This repository is a python client for creating custom Discord Сonnections. It is based on [official documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/tutorials/configuring-app-metadata-for-linked-roles) and [example](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/remix/linked-role-discord-bot) provided by Discord team. Connections allow you to connect any game or web resource with Discord account and see in-game (or web resource) nickname and statistics inside Discord in user profile, e.g. there are X, YT, Twitch, Reddit connections (User Settings > Connections). [Detailed description](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/8063233404823-Connections-Linked-Roles-Community-Members).

With this repository you can create your own Connection!
<br>[image](https://github.com/imPDA/discord-linked-roles-light-api/assets/43822452/9c72a493-9697-4b44-9b91-ceaf824d95ed)
<br>[Shikimori](https://shikimori.one) connection

### Installation
```shell
pip install git+https://github.com/imPDA/discordconnections.git@latest
```

[//]: # (_Replace `latest` with any other version number if you need_)

### How to use
Please refer to [examples](examples).

## ⚠️ In-development state
- Everything can change during development
- I`m using it for my own Discord bots, so I prioritize my own needs

☕ Please do not hesitate to contact me if you interested in cooperation, have any ideas, need help<br>
☕ Discord: impda

Commit message:

- Poetry introduced. - Bumping version to 0.1.1.

README.md, after:

## Discord Connections

### What the Connections are:
 - Discord connections refer to the integrations and connections between a 
Discord account and other services, platforms, or applications. These connections 
can include linking social media accounts, streaming platforms, gaming consoles,
and other third-party services to a Discord account. By connecting these services, 
users can easily share their activities, status updates, or content across different 
platforms and engage with others in various ways. Some common Discord connections 
include linking Twitch, YouTube, Spotify, Twitter, Xbox, and PlayStation accounts 
to Discord for enhanced functionality and interaction (see User Settings > Connections).
- See also [detailed description in Discord article](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/8063233404823-Connections-Linked-Roles-Community-Members).

### What this repo is:
Python client for creating custom Discord Сonnections with ease.
It is mostly based on [example](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/remix/linked-role-discord-bot) provided by Discord team. 

### Important links:
- [Official documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/tutorials/configuring-app-metadata-for-linked-roles)

### Installation
```shell
poetry add git+https://github.com/imPDA/discordconnections.git@latest
```

### How to use
Please refer to [examples](examples).

## ⚠️ In-development state
- I am developing it mostly for my own needs, but if it is helpful for you and you want to contribute, don't hesitate to contact me and create pull requests and so on.
- Because of the first point: everything can be changed during development.

The fastest way to reach me:
<br><img src="https://assets-global.website-files.com/6257adef93867e50d84d30e2/636e0a6a49cf127bf92de1e2_icon_clyde_blurple_RGB.png" width=15/><b> imPDA</b>
